# The Pull
> “The pull” - or how to successfully scratch the entrepreneurial itch as a software engineer.
> “The pull” - or how to get paid to do what you love as a software engineer.
> “The pull” - or how I quit my 9-5 and started a profitable company as a software engineer.
> “The pull” - or how to build a product people will use.

## Goal for reader: Generate $1,000/mo subscription software product

### Create blog:
existing market, build seo
How to know if your content will solve a problem

Ideas
make available as podcast (ben); make lil videos; find distribution channels
From sid: what sales motion vs. what monthly revenue; knowing yourself (focusing on your strengths, gaining confidence; while improving your weaknesses or getting help)

Todo write
VA vs automate for idea evaluation (why not build that new tool; why panelfox works.. How to evaluate via hours * $)


Chapter format
Main statement to take away
Intro “story” to empathize, feel, entertain
Paragraphs to support main idea
Bolded main points
Offer an action to get reader to engage
Other
Images (hero image)
Graphs / illustrations
Examples from other companies interviewed

Ground truth
My goal is to empower others, who feel a pull, for them to observe it, and follow what pulls them (what they’re interested in naturally), and work towards getting paid for it (or just getting fulfillment/bliss from it)

The premise
- You’re a software engineer, or you’re learning to be one
- You feel a pull towards “making” something, it’s more important than a “job” (the pulls are tied to specific interests, or to helping others/creating value for other people; interests can evolve over time, but the feeling of a pull is usually there)
- This is your first try, or you’ve started different things a handful of times, and you don’t quite know how to pull it off, primarily from a business sense
- B2B focus

5 points
Feel the pull, and use it’s energy
If you’ve never done it or never seen anyone do it, i suggest make that a priority
Either if you want to create value for the world, or make money (which is a way to transfer value)... you better be fucking making something that is actually valuable to someone
This is a sliding scale, not black or white. Their pain and your solution will dictate where on that sliding scale your product will fall.
find/develop a reproducible sales channel
Be mindful of how much time you spend on coding vs sales/marketing/business
Always bring ideas and solutions back to the problem space
Stay consistent, see how you’re doing on the “business front”

Running a business solo vs w/ contractors/founders. I spend 20% on sales, 30% on support, 30% on development, and a miscellaneous 20%

Roadblocks (via Rob book) - no market, fear, lack of goals, inconsistency
Realizations
Technician -> entrepreneur
Market Comes First, Marketing Second, Aesthetic Third, and Functionality a Distant Fourth
Mental hygiene
Pick yourself back up
“Process is king” (via rob)        
Market Comes First...
The product with a sizable market and low competition wins even with bad marketing, a bad aesthetic, and poor functionality. Think QuickBooks, Palm, or IE 5.5. You can sell garbage to a hungry market and make money. However, it’s not a sustainable strategy.